Welcome to our Ajax information API app application which is going to be built from scratch in upcoming
lessons we're going to building out this application from scratch and what it does is it allows you
to enter in any term term anything that you want and it connects to two different API.
So it connects to the Wikipedia API as well as the YouTube API and returns back a whole ton of data.
And then what we're doing is we're getting that response information and we're simply outputting it
into our web page.
So we've got an area up here where we're turning back the Wikipedia content and we're outputting some
of it here within our H-2 mail.
And also we're outputting four videos from YouTube that also notch that search request and you can see
that there are a lot there is a lot of information that we have to work with within our guests on data.
You can see that in the console as we loop through this content and we pull back the relevant information
that we want to use and output it within our page.
So we are going to be building this from scratch in upcoming lessons.
And the one really nice thing about API is that you don't have to write all of this content so you have
access to just a ton of content and a ton of information that's online available just within the API.
And you can pull this information back and make use of it within your web page.
And that's really the scope of the upcoming lessons is to get more comfortable and more familiar with
making Ajax requests in javascript.
Pulling back that data and then making use of that data within your application and then outputting
it of course within the web page so you can style it as well as pull in additional information.
You can try different API is as well.
We build out a function that we pass in a couple parameters to and that does the char request using
javascript and returning back response information and then we make use of that response data within
our javascript.
All of the source code is also included to get you started quickly.
We also do a little bit of styling with C Ss to make our content a little bit more presentable and the
core focus of the coming lessons really is javascript and Ajax.
So when you're ready let's jump right in and start building out this application from scratch.
And it is recommended as well that you follow within the lessons.
Open up your own editor and try the code out for yourself.
So let's begin.